{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cardo;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 From the PROIEL Guidelines:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 ATR - attributes are elements which serve to restrict the reference of a noun. For example, in canis albus the adjective albus serves to restrict the possible reference of the noun canis. Attributes can be adjectives, prepositional phrases, relative clauses, participles, genitives, number words - but these categories can also have other adnominal functions, so it is important to pay attention here.\
\
APOS - appositions are elements which serve to further elaborate on a nominal referent, without restricting the reference. Examples are consul in Cicero consul, frater in Marcus frater. Appositions are mostly nouns in the same case as their head, and non-restrictive relative clauses.\
\
PART - partitives are elements which tell us to which group or whole the noun belongs. They are typically realized by genitives or by prepositions like ex, de, \uc0\u945 \u787 \u960 \u959 \u769  etc.\
\
NARG - some elements can be said to be arguments of nouns. The most clear example is the object genitive, as in spes uincendi or amor fati. Arguments can also be realized as prepositional phrases, as in e.g. Dei amor erga nos. Here erga is an argument of amor (and nos is in turn an argument of erga). Note that subject genitives are counted among the normal possessive genitives, as attributes. Arguments of adjectives are not NARGs but OBLs.\
\
These categories are further explained and exemplified in the following sections. There is also supplementary information in section 16. If in doubt annotators should use the supertag ADNOM.\
\
\
In my own corpus:\
\
PROIEL\'92s ATR = my -ATR\
PROIEL\'92s APOS = my -PRN\
PROIEL\'92s PART = my -PAR\
PROIEL\'92s NARG = my -COM, with the exception that arguments of adjectives are tagged with -COM\
}